Kubernetes Installer v2023.03.21-0 release notes (#1032)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer.md

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## v2023.03.21-0

Released on March 21, 2023

### New Features {#new-features-v2023-03-21-0}
* Adds [Kubernetes](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/kubernetes) version(s) 1.26.3 1.25.8 1.24.12 1.23.17 1.22.17.
* Adds preflight check to ensure that a host will not be updated with previously kURL releases.

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-v2023-03-21-0}

> * Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the `ceph-version` value properly set to the labels caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the `ceph-version` value properly set caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the ceph-version value. RookCeph versions < 1.4.8 has a bug where the ceph-version is not properly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the ceph-version value caused by a  bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the ceph-version value caused by a  bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the `ceph-version` value properly set to the labels caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

* Fixes stuck issues scenarios when is trying to delete Rook and provide better information about the steps performed.

> * Fixes script stop when the migration from Rook were done successfully but only was not possible to remove Rook. Note that it still possible to call the task `curl <installer>/task.sh | sudo bash -s remove_rook_ceph` to remove Rook manually or just re-run the script to re-try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes upgrade stops because was not possible to remove Rook Ceph. Users will be notified in the logs that Rook was not removed with the reason. If required it still possible to call the task `curl <installer>/task.sh | sudo bash -s remove_rook_ceph` to remove Rook manually or just re-run the script to re-try.
```

> * Fixes upgrade stops because was not possible to remove Rook Ceph. Users will be notified in the logs that Rook was not removed with the reason. If required it still possible to call the task `curl <installer>/task.sh | sudo bash -s remove_rook_ceph` to remove Rook manually or just re-run the script to re-try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes upgrade stops because was not possible to remove Rook Ceph. Users will be notified in the logs that Rook was not removed with the reason. If required it still possible to call the task `curl <installer>/task.sh | sudo bash -s remove_rook_ceph` to remove Rook manually or just re-run the script to re-try. Important does not remove Rook Ceph manually without ensure that the PVC(s) and Object Store were successfully migrated. Otherwise, it might result into data loses.
```

> * Fixes Rook data not been removed when Rook Ceph is removed from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook data stored not been removed when Rook Ceph is removed from the cluster.
```

> * Fixes upgrade stops because was not possible to remove Rook Ceph. Users will be notified in the logs that Rook was not removed with the reason. If required it still possible to call the task `curl <installer>/task.sh | sudo bash -s remove_rook_ceph` to remove Rook manually or just re-run the script to re-try. Please, do not remove Rook Ceph manually without ensure that the PVC(s) and Object Store were successfully migrated. Otherwise, it might result into data loses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes broke upgrade because of was not possible uninstall Rook when the upgrade is migrating from Rook. Failures will be highlighted with further information in the logs.
```

> * Fixes Rook data stored not been removed when Rook Ceph is removed from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook data stored not been removed when Rook Ceph is removed from the cluster. 
```

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## v2023.03.21-0

Released on March 21, 2023

### New Features {#new-features-v2023-03-21-0}
* Adds [Kubernetes](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/kubernetes) version(s) 1.26.3 1.25.8 1.24.12 1.23.17 1.22.17.

> * Adds a preflight check to ensure that a host is not updated with a previous kURL release.

Reviewer 2: "a previous kURL release." --> does this mean a version of the Kubernetes installer than is earlier than what the cluster currently has installed?

Reviewer: Yes, that is the scenario that the check avoids. 
The user install/update the cluster  for example within v2023-03-21-0 and then another day try to do an upgrade with v2020-01-21-0

Reviewer 2: Pushed an update to clarify!

* Adds better logging information and highlights failures and warnings when migrating from Rook.

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-v2023-03-21-0}

> * Fixes Rook Ceph healthy check by not considering unhealthy when a deployment does not contains the `ceph-version` value properly set caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight healthy checks when it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version set for all respective deployments. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because it was not possible to find the Ceph Version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because it was not possible to find the Ceph Version. This was caused by a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because it was not possible to find the Ceph Version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy by lack of the Ceph Version information. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because it was not possible to find the ceph-version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because it was not possible to find the Ceph Version information. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the ceph-version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight healthy checks done to migrate from Rook when it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight healthy checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.
```
```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This was caused by a bug into Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8`.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight healthy checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixes Rook Ceph preflight health checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.
```

> * Fixes Rook Ceph preflight healthy checks done when migrating from Rook where it is considered unhealthy because was not possible to find the the ceph-version. This resolves a bug in Rook Ceph versions < `1.4.8` where the Ceph Version is not properly set to the deployment labels.

Reviewer: That is not accurate. `by not considering the deployment unhealthy `

> * Fixes broke upgrades because of was not possible uninstall Rook. Failures scenarios will be highlighted with further information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes broke upgrades because was not possible to uninstall Rook. Failures scenarios will be highlighted with further information. 
```

> * Fixes broken upgrades caused by not being able to uninstall Rook. Upgrade failures are highlighted in the console with further information. 

Reviewer 2: Is
> Upgrade failures are highlighted in the console with further information.

part of this new feature...

> Adds better logging information that highlights failures and warnings when migrating from Rook.

?

If so, I recommend removing "Upgrade failures are highlighted in the console with further information." from the Bug Fixes section. As is, it makes it seem like the fix that was applied was to highlight upgrade failures in the console, but I don't think that's accurate.

Reviewer: Hi @paigecalvert please feel free to put your suggestion I think that yes, It is ok.

Reviewer: It`Upgrade failures are highlighted in the console with further information.` described the behaviour  with the fix/change `Fixes broken upgrades caused by not being able to uninstall Rook`
Instead of STOP the script continue but highlight the failures with further information.

> * Fixes issues where the script get stuck when migrating from Rook. Timeouts were added with further information displayed via the console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixes issues where the install script gets stuck when migrating from Rook. Timeouts were added with further information displayed via the console.
```

Reviewer: done

> * Fixes issues where the script gets stuck when migrating from Rook. Timeouts were added with further information displayed via the console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixes issues where the install script gets stuck when migrating from Rook. Timeouts were added with further information displayed via the console.
```

* Fixes a bug where Rook data was not removed after Rook Ceph was removed from the cluster.

> * Fixes a bug in the Kubernetes installer v2023.03.20-0 where the registry add-on failed to create the object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug in the Kubernetes installer `v2023.03.20-0` where the registry add-on failed to create the object store.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your close review! We don't use code formatting for version numbers, so this can stay as plain text

> * Fixes a bug in the Kubernetes installer `v2023.03.20-0` where the registry add-on failed to create the object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug in the Kubernetes installer v2023.03.20-0 where the registry add-on failed to create the object store.
```
